F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_ALL_H,
phour STRING,province STRING,scity STRING,area STRING,vendor STRING,ci STRING,target_cell_id STRING,flow_type STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVC_PROV_CITY_CI_H,
phour STRING,province STRING,scity STRING,ci STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_TERMINAL_H,
phour STRING,province STRING,scity STRING,terminal STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_IMSI_H,
phour STRING,province STRING,scity STRING,area STRING,vendor STRING,terminal STRING,imsi

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_CITY_AREA_VD_H,
phour STRING,province STRING,scity STRING,area STRING,vendor STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_CITY_VD_H,
phour STRING,province STRING,scity STRING,vendor STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_CITY_AREA_H,
phour STRING,province STRING,scity STRING,area STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_CITY_H,
phour STRING,province STRING,scity STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_PROV_AREA_VD_H,
phour STRING,province STRING,area STRING,vendor STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_PROV_VD_H,
phour STRING,province STRING,vendor STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_PROV_AREA_H,
phour STRING,province STRING,area STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_PROV_H,
phour STRING,province STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_NAT_AREA_VD_H,
phour STRING,area STRING,vendor STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_NAT_VD_H,
phour STRING,vendor STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_NAT_AREA_H,
phour STRING,area STRING,

F_V_BXDR_SRVCC_NAT_H,
phour STRING,

254 142 112

SRVCC_ALL_ATTEMPT BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_A_ATTEMPT BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_V_ATTEMPT BIGINT,
bSRVCC_ATTEMPT BIGINT,
BSRVCC_A_ATTEMPT BIGINT,
bSRVCC_V_ATTEMPT BIGINT,
aSRVCC_ATTEMPT BIGINT,
aSRVCC_A_ATTEMPT BIGINT,
aSRVCC_V_ATTEMPT BIGINT,
eSRVCC_ATTEMPT BIGINT,
eSRVCC_A_ATTEMPT BIGINT,
eSRVCC_V_ATTEMPT BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_RSP_SUCC BIGINT,
SRVCC_A_ALL_RSP_SUCC BIGINT,
SRVCC_V_ALL_RSP_SUCC BIGINT,
bSRVCC_RSP_SUCC BIGINT,
bSRVCC_A_RSP_SUCC BIGINT,
bSRVCC_V_RSP_SUCC BIGINT,
aSRVCC_RSP_SUCC BIGINT,
aSRVCC_A_RSP_SUCC BIGINT,
aSRVCC_B_RSP_SUCC BIGINT,
eSRVCC_RSP_SUCC BIGINT,
eSRVCC_A_RSP_SUCC BIGINT,
eSRVCC_V_RSP_SUCC BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_FAIL_TOTAL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_A_FAIL_TOTAL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_V_FAIL_TOTAL BIGINT,
bSRVCC_FAIL_TOTAL BIGINT,
bSRVCC_A_FAIL_TOTAL BIGINT,
bSRVCC_V_FAIL_TOTAL BIGINT,
aSRVCC_FAIL_TOTAL BIGINT,
aSRVCC_A_FAIL_TOTAL BIGINT,
aSRVCC_V_FAIL_TOTAL BIGINT,
eSRVCC_FAIL_TOTAL BIGINT,
eSRVCC_A_FAIL_TOTAL BIGINT,
eSRVCC_V_FAIL_TOTAL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_RSP_FAIL BIGINT,
SRVCC_A_ALL_RSP_FAIL BIGINT,
SRVCC_V_ALL_RSP_FAIL BIGINT,
bSRVCC_RSP_FAIL BIGINT,
bSRVCC_A_RSP_FAIL BIGINT,
bSRVCC_V_RSP_FAIL BIGINT,
aSRVCC_RSP_FAIL BIGINT,
aSRVCC_A_RSP_FAIL BIGINT,
aSRVCC_V_RSP_FAIL BIGINT,
eSRVCC_RSP_FAIL BIGINT,
eSRVCC_A_RSP_FAIL BIGINT,
eSRVCC_V_RSP_FAIL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_COMP_SUCC BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_A_COMP_SUCC BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_V_COMP_SUCC BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_COMP_SUCC_I2 BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_A_COMP_SUCC_I2 BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_V_COMP_SUCC_I2 BIGINT,
bSRVCC_COMP_SUCC BIGINT,
bSRVCC_A_COMP_SUCC BIGINT,
bSRVCC_V_COMP_SUCC BIGINT,
bSRVCC_COMP_SUCC_I2 BIGINT,
bSRVCC_A_COMP_SUCC_I2 BIGINT,
bSRVCC_V_COMP_SUCC_I2 BIGINT,
aSRVCC_COMP_SUCC BIGINT,
aSRVCC_A_COMP_SUCC BIGINT,
aSRVCC_V_COMP_SUCC BIGINT,
aSRVCC_COMP_SUCC_I2 BIGINT,
aSRVCC_A_COMP_SUCC_I2 BIGINT,
aSRVCC_V_COMP_SUCC_I2 BIGINT,
eSRVCC_COMP_SUCC BIGINT,
eSRVCC_A_COMP_SUCC BIGINT,
eSRVCC_V_COMP_SUCC BIGINT,
eSRVCC_COMP_SUCC_I2 BIGINT,
eSRVCC_A_COMP_SUCC_I2 BIGINT,
eSRVCC_V_COMP_SUCC_I2 BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_COMP_FAIL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_A_COMP_FAIL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_V_COMP_FAIL BIGINT,
BSRVCC_COMP_FAIL BIGINT,
BSRVCC_A_COMP_FAIL BIGINT,
BSRVCC_V_COMP_FAIL BIGINT,
ASRVCC_COMP_FAIL BIGINT,
aSRVCC_A_COMP_FAIL BIGINT,
aSRVCC_V_COMP_FAIL BIGINT,
eSRVCC_COMP_FAIL BIGINT,
eSRVCC_A_COMP_FAIL BIGINT,
eSRVCC_V_COMP_FAIL BIGINT,
SRVCC_FAIL_ALL_SV BIGINT,
SRVCC_FAIL_ALL_I2 BIGINT,
bSRVCC_FAIL_SV BIGINT,
bSRVCC_FAIL_I2 BIGINT,
aSRVCC_FAIL_SV BIGINT,
aSRVCC_FAIL_I2 BIGINT,
eSRVCC_FAIL_SV BIGINT,
eSRVCC_FAIL_I2 BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_SUCC_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_A_SUCC_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_V_SUCC_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_RSP_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_A_RSP_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_V_RSP_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_MEDIA_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_A_MEDIA_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_V_MEDIA_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_LATNECY_I2_ALL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_A_LATNECY_I2_ALL BIGINT,
SRVCC_ALL_V_LATNECY_I2_ALL BIGINT,
aSRVCC_SUCC_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
bSRVCC_SUCC_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
eSRVCC_SUCC_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
aSRVCC_RESP_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
bSRVCC_RESP_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
eSRVCC_RESP_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
aSRVCC_MEDIA_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
bSRVCC_MEDIA_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,
eSRVCC_MEDIA_LATENCY_ALL BIGINT,